Transcend beyond
Beyond you listen to me explain
So the person who has been with me all the time is the buckwheat
wheat
Idiom This video is synthetic
I didn't lie to you about synthesizing videos.
You still take me for a fool
This is clearly the surveillance video
The woman I keep repeating
Just because you were the first
The woman who accompanied me through the maze
If you hadn't lied to me
Just because you gave my life
I won't even look at you
It turns out that Mr. Lu was deceived
To be so nice to Jiang Yongrou?
So I told you.
How could he suddenly raise a name that goes unnoticed?
What about the little singer?
The person on the surveillance video seems to be Mrs. Lu.
So the first love in Mr. Lu's heart
It has always been his wife buckwheat
But they seem to be getting a divorce, right?
Ouch, Joe Man is also quite pitiful.
For so many years
Identity has to be replaced by others
Right?
It's really pitiful
You said that Jiang Yurou has been very smart these years?
Although Mr. Lu has never admitted him
But volunteering is not less at all.
Xiaoyu, I lied to you.
But I've been by your side for so many years
Do you have no feelings for me at all?
Nope.
All my feelings for you come from buckwheat
I thought you were him.
That's why I have a crush on you
In the process of getting along with us
These good feelings have long been worn away
I treat you well
It is nothing more than looking at the love of the year
Just give you face